After reading the summary and the corresponding paper I found some 
issues. At first I think the presentation is in need of improvement. 
I would like to read the authors of the paper under the title, but this 
could be matter of taste. But more critical, I think the sections don't 
really fit the text (for example I felt like section 8 contains a 
conclusion and section 9 is more like the outline of the impact), the 
titles are too repetitive and the resulting layout (especially the 
spacing) is looks bad. Additionally the style is not consistent 
(paragraphs and their spacing differs! Sometimes you seem to have used 
two blank lines for a paragraph and sometimes something else (maybe \\).
Besides the transition between the sections is missing mostly. 

Another problem is the language. Some words are misspelled 
(examples: section 1: occured -> occurred; section 6: firendly -> friendly; 
section 7: functinal -> functional) and you mixed up british and 
american englisch (analyzed and analysed). I have looked up the word 
"analyzation" and it does not seem to be an existing word 
("analysation" neither, correct would have been analysis). Also I think 
many sentences are way too short or difficult to read respectively 
understand. Last but not least, you also mixed up the times (sometimes 
you write in present, sometimes past).

I also have a little problem with the content. After I read the paper I 
felt like something in your summary is missing and maybe I would have 
prioritised the content different. But I must admit that the paper you 
have to summarise is very "technical" and hard to outline while staying 
understandable. But I still didn't understand much of your summary 
without reading the paper. I think you really should add more 
definitions of words (like defeat device; or use less technical terms) 
and point out much clearer what you want to say. And definitely 
prioritize what you write in your summary because sometimes it just 
feels like you write things beside the point and therefor omit crucial 
information for understanding the topic of the paper.

Moreover I think that a using a bibliography instead of foot nodes would 
be better and that only one source is too little. 

When I compare your summary to the given criteria for summaries I'm 
missing some things. At first I think you should have outlined the field 
ahead of the summary and give more information about the technical 
background (like the paper did. I was missing it in your summary and 
find it hard to understand a lot of "car applied stuff"). And my last 
criticism is that I think you haven't really outlined the paper. In the 
section "Conclusion" (bad name for an outline) first you say that the 
authors claim to be the first to reveal the device in the Fiat 500X. 
Have you tried to confirm that? I have searched on the web very very 
short and found something (https://books.google.de/books?hl=de&lr=&id=qfbMDgAAQBAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PR5&dq=fiat+500x+defeat+device&ots=8g89KQNl23&sig=cOpnpWHmACn3ZJyLuNpEP05dr9Y#v=onepage&q=fiat&f=false, 
section 4.5.1.2), published a day before the paper and stating out that 
Fiat uses an timer based "defeat device". So maybe they are not the 
first? In this section you say "their third statement cannot be 
confirmed" and I still sitting here clueless what their third statement 
is and why it can't be confirmed. Or do you want to say that they were 
not the first? If so, the section is not understandable without thinking 
it through for hours. The last sentence isn't much better. The first 
part of it doesn't seem to fit together (Seeing as “diesel gate” and
defeat devices are still a hot topic and how easy emission
tests can be manipulated due to their standardized nature,[...]) and the 
rest of it seem like it should have a source. Who thinks that it is a 
valuable contribution and could help in the future? You? The author? 
Who else? If only you think it you should clarify that it is your 
opinion. And what is the impact of the paper? Is it relevant? When I 
look in Google Scholar it has 2 citations. Why haven't you said that?
Does anybody care about this paper? If so (and even if not) tell about
it in your summary. Does anybody care about the topic right now? If so 
why don't you tell who and what they think. 

Rating: 
1. content: 1 (major issues) – 5 (everything stated is correct, everything important has been stated, the material is easily understandable)
   2
2. presentation: 1 (major issues) – 5 (clean layout, suitable structure of the text into sections and paragraphs)
   3
3. language: 1 (major issues) – 5 (good command of the English language in terms of wording, orthography, and grammar)
   2
