Reading the first section "introduction", it seems as it is seperated into two parts.
The first one is a summarizing sentence for the entire paper. This is followed by the technical background
and the basic author's approach to this topic. The next three sections are confusing to a reader.
Even though he reads three entire sections, it is only half a page with about 15 sentences (each section
consists of two paragraphs.) Choosing the sectioning from the paper as the sectioning of the summary
appears to be a very bad idea for several reasons. First, a summary is supposed to sum up a more detailed writing.
Therefore, the parts of the paper containing the "hard" details or those parts which are not necessary for the main
idea, are not to be addressed in a summary. By choosing the same section captions, you now face the problem
of having a section without enough information to be called "section".

As a reader of the summary, you understand the main idea of the paper. You understand what
was intended to show and how this was achieved. Unfortunately, you only understand the main parts.
At several points it just appears that the summary is missing integral parts. For example, in section 5,
"class c" and "record x" are introduced. It seems like those are two important variables. But they are dropped
after mentioned once, never to be seen again. Except for that, the summarizing quality of sections 5 to 7 are okay.
As said above, the choice of sectioning is still not particularly good, but it works better in this instance.
The conclusion is very weak. "The results are interesting and the providers need to be aware?" This conclusion
does not recall the intentions of the paper nor the actual result. The result is about weaknesses to attacks.
You have to name that and not some unnamed "risks their software carries".

The language is, to be honest, horrible. There are so many and blunt orthographic errors which make me doubt anyone
even read a single time what has been written. "Amamzon Machinen Learning" and "camapnies" show that there was not
even some kind of software watching basic orthographic. The wording is okay, but the sentences are often far too long
and at some points .
Example: Second sentence of sec. 4. This sentence does not even end after it takes 5 lines already.
Regarding the grammar, there are also some major issues. Some sentences, like the first one on page 2, just lose their
structure after the first half.

The guidelines for reviews given out tells you to outline the impact of the paper and to put it into a scientific context.
You simply skipped this part. So you have only one source and the reader has no idea how to locate it in its context.
Simply going on google scholar I found 31 citations of this paper. So there are reactions to this paper and it indeed has
some importance.

Rating: 
1. content: 1 (major issues) – 5 (everything stated is correct, everything important has been stated, the material is easily understandable)
   2
2. presentation: 1 (major issues) – 5 (clean layout, suitable structure of the text into sections and paragraphs)
   2
3. language: 1 (major issues) – 5 (good command of the English language in terms of wording, orthography, and grammar)
   1
